We have something called the group sets,
and the grouping set is something which is actually rather nice.
Because we can say let's group by nothing,
group by the first dimension, second dimension,
third dimension, first and second,
second and third, first and third,
first and second, and so forth.
For example, here we're going to group by nothing,
select all the revenue.
So that's grouping by nothing.
Here, grouping revenue by country.
So let's group by country.
Here, let's grouped by month.
So we're seeing each month revenue.
Then we take the combination month and country and so forth.
Then we take month by country and months and an all in one shot.
So what regrouping set is going to do for us,
is we are going to actually explicitly say,
please instead of saying group by something or a number of columns,
we're going to say group by grouping sets.
My desired grouping sets are actually nothing,
the month alone, the country alone,
the dimension, and the country.
Here actually, I chose to make a small cube of two-dimensions,
just so we don't get overwhelmed by the dimensions.
So here we have only two dimensions,
which is the month and the country.
However, one time we're not doing any grouping,
one time we're doing grouping by one-dimension,
another time by the other dimension,
and a third time by the combination of both dimensions here.
Look how the output looks like now.
So this is a grouping by month and country for the month one.
Look, there is a none here,
and that none is actually an expressive none which says that irrespective of the country,
here is the revenue.
So, this is a grouping by month only.
But it works as a subtotal for these two lines.
Then you go likewise here,
and none likewise here,
and none, and so forth.
Then we actually get another thing.
We get none-none and a total revenue and that is
actually the total revenue we have computed here.
These were like 67,000, the total revenue.
So when we get none and none here,
that was the grouping by nothing.
Then we also get the whole amount for Canada and the whole amount for Australia.
So in one goal,
we pass through this once,
and we get all these combinations of sub-grouping.
Of course, if we had three dimensions,
we'd have found many more combinations.
So otherwise, we would have needed to go one, two,
three, four times, four passes through the facts table to compute this.